\documentclass{article}

\begin{document}

\section{Experiment Design}

The experiment comprises of three stages [or just two?]. The first
stage involves a participant registering with the system and then
practicing logging on to it. The second stage is logging onto the
system while being recorded by a video camera focused on the computer
screen. The final stage involves an `attacker' watching the video clip
and attempting to log onto the system as the user in the video.

\subsection{Stage 1: Registration} 

Participants will be asked to take part in this experiment by myself
and will not be provided any compensation for taking
part. Participants are also permitted to withdraw from the experiment
at any time. 

Each user will be sat at a computer in the Level 4 computing lab. They
will be presented with a web page inviting them to enter their first
name; surname and matriculation number. The names are used to provide
myself with the ability to search the database quickly should they
wish to withdraw. At this point the database is queried for the total
number of users. The result of a modulus three operation on this total
dictates which shoulder surfing countermeasure they will be using.

After these attributes have been committed to the database the user is
presented with four challenge screens across four different pages. The
participant will select one image from each page to create their
complete graphical password. Once all four images are selected the
participant can then proceed to practice using the system and logging
in with their countermeasure.

\subsection{Stage 2: Recording Logins}

For this stage a registered participant is asked to log on using a
form which asks for their matriculation number. Once this is submitted
a user is taken to the challenge screen applicable to them.

A user may be presented with the following countermeasures if the
result of the modulus three opertation at registration was as follows:

-Total Users ``\%'' 3 = 0: Standard authentication where images are
not highlighted.

-Total Users ``\%'' 3 = 1: Images are highlighted as the mouse is
hovered over them.

-Total Users ``\%'' 3 = 2: Images turn opaque as they are hovered
over.

A camera is placed behind the right shoulder of the participant and
pointed at the screen. They will then be asked to log in to the system
while being filmed.

\subsection{Stage 3: Attack}

The final part of the experiment involves a second participant
attempting to login as another user. To do this they will be provided
with a target user's matriculation number and a video of that user's
login. An attacker is presented with a similar form to that of a
legitimate user but it sets a variable to indicate in the database
records that it is indeed an attack. 

[discuss here how many times an attacker should be able to view the
video]

   

\end{document}